do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
