do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
