do_not_wash 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
