do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.42 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
