do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.53 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.42 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.42 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
