do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.52 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
