do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
