do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.42 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
