do_not_wash 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.52 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.52 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.52 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
