do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.52 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.52 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
