do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
