do_not_bleach 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
