do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
