do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
