do_not_wash 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
