do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.19 nan nan nan nan
