do_not_wash 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.52 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
