do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
