do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
