do_not_wash 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
