do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.42 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.53 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
