do_not_wash 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
