do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.42 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
