do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.31 nan nan nan nan
