do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
