do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
