do_not_wash 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
