do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.53 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.53 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
