do_not_wash 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.52 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.52 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.42 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.42 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
