do_not_wash 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.52 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.42 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.52 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.42 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
