do_not_wash 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.42 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
