do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.13 nan nan nan nan
