do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.42 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
