do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.42 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.42 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.12 nan nan nan nan
