do_not_wash 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.52 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.52 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
