do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
