do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.42 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
