do_not_wash 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
