do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
