do_not_wash 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.53 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.42 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.42 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.53 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
