do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.42 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.42 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
