do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.13 nan nan nan nan
