do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
