do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
