do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.53 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
