do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
