do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.53 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.53 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.53 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
