do_not_wash 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.52 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.52 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.52 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
