do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.52 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.52 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
