do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
