do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.53 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
