do_not_wash 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.52 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
