do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
