do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.52 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.25 nan nan nan nan
