do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
