do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
