do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
