do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.53 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.53 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
