do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.53 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
