do_not_bleach 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
