do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.42 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.18 nan nan nan nan
