do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.53 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
