do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.42 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.42 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
