do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.52 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
