do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.42 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.53 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
