do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.53 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.53 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
