do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.52 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
