do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.52 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.52 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.19 nan nan nan nan
