do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
