do_not_wash 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
