do_not_wash 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.42 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.53 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
