do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.42 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
