do_not_wash 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
