do_not_wash 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
