do_not_wash 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.53 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.42 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.42 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
