do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
