do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.09 nan nan nan nan
