do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
