do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.53 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
