do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
