do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
