do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
