do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
