do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
