do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.53 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
