do_not_bleach 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
