do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
