do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
