do_not_bleach 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
