do_not_wash 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
