do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
