do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.42 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.52 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.52 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
