do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.53 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
