do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
