do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
