do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.42 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
