do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
