do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.53 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.53 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.42 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
