do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
