do_not_wash 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
