do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
