do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
