do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.52 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
