do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.52 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.53 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
