do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.13 nan nan nan nan
