do_not_wash 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.52 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
