do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.07 nan nan nan nan
