do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
