do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
