do_not_wash 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
