do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.42 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
