do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.32 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
