do_not_wash 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.22 nan nan nan nan
