do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.42 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
