do_not_wash 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.76 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.56 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
