do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.31 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
