do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.17 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.05 nan nan nan nan
