do_not_wash 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
