do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.68 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.47 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.36 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.77 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.52 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.44 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
