do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.82 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.33 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.20 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.51 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.12 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
