do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.46 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.55 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.39 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.25 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
