do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.71 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.66 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.35 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.29 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
