do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.80 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.74 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.87 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.75 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.11 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.07 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.06 nan nan nan nan
