do_not_wash 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.19 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.15 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.69 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.30 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.13 nan nan nan nan
