do_not_wash 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.84 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.58 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.43 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.89 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.13 nan nan nan nan
do_not_iron 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.92 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.83 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.59 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.10 nan nan nan nan
