do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.63 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.61 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.50 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.45 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.67 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.57 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.48 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.38 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.28 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.22 nan nan nan nan
do_not_dry_clean 0.15 nan nan nan nan
