do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.62 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.26 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.24 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.79 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.73 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.40 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.05 nan nan nan nan
