do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.93 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.88 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.64 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.27 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.23 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.16 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.06 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.05 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.70 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.21 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.10 nan nan nan nan
