do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.98 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.95 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.91 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.85 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.81 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.72 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.65 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.60 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.41 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.18 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.14 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.09 nan nan nan nan
do_not_wash 0.08 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 1.00 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.99 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.97 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.96 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.94 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.90 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.86 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.78 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.54 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.49 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.37 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.34 nan nan nan nan
do_not_bleach 0.14 nan nan nan nan
